Know we know how to deliver simple text messages to rabid MQ What about binary messages or object messages
how they are delivered and how they are received by them.
Q To test it out and see how that happens let's just create a simple message object to do that.
I'm going to hit now and Joe a class and from there I'm saying simple message.
All right.
In our simple message I'm going to say this object is going to have of course a name.
And and of course a description.
Right.
Just like that.
And to generate everything I need for my object I'm going to hit control and end and I'm going to need
getters and setters for these name and description objects.
Here we go.
So I'm going to also have a empty constructor for my object and I'll hit select none.
We have our simple message object written to be delivered to it in queue to send it to our queue and
Xchange.
I'm going to go back to our main class and from there I'm going to create a new simple message object
and I'm going to create a simple message and for the properties I'm going to set the name as first message.
And for the description I'm going to say simple description.
Here we go.
So let's now send our simple message to rabbet in queue.
To do that I'm simply going to replace our Hello text and I'm going to say simple message.
Here we go.
As you can remember from our Colewort and sent constructor it is expecting an object so that allows
us to send any kind of object to rabid MQ that three year on our application and see what's going to
happen.
Her application as a starting up and here we go.
Our message is being sent to rabid Q as we can see here it created a new connection to our broker.
So let's switch back to our rapid Q dashboard and from there let's go back to overview for a moment.
And as you can see we have our spike again and the messages that are ready and waiting in our queue
is now too because the previous message that we delivered in our previous video is still there.
And we also published an object this time as the simple message.
So it is there too.
So let's go to our Q and see what happened with our message so that we can see it.
And as you can see we have a total of two messages in our router.
Q And if we try to get our messages and of course this time we have two messages in our queue.
So I'm going to say two messages that I'm going to receive and get messages again.
And when we hit it we how are hello from code message that we just sent earlier and our new message.
And as you note that our new message is cannot be seen by rabit name.
Q That's only because it's a binary message so rabid MQ doesn't automatically know how to serialize
the object and it cannot display anything right here.
As you can see we have no payload because the encoding as presented as string it is simply because we
didn't define any serialization method for our simple message object.
So to fix that let's go back to our ID and from there let's implement Serializable for our simple message
object.
Here we go.
Now let's just rerun our application and have it delivered to our queue again.
Our application is about to start now.
And here we go.
Let's go back to our dashboard and now if we tried to get three messages and hit get messages.
We're going to see our payload just like that.
It says Joe a serialised object that is only because again this is a binary object and rabbit MQ doesn't
automatically know how to understand this message because at the end this message is going to be delivered
to some other receiver some other consumer of this message.
So rubbered MQ doesn't care about the actual content of the message it just knows how to transfer and
transmit the message to the consumers and subscribers.
But again we can see that people are right here.
It is a binary object sent by our job application so sending binary objects are simple as that.
With this way you can simply wrap any kind of object such as like sound files with files or simply anything.
And you can just send them out with the object notation a rabbit named Q Just like we did within our
code right here.